The woke crowd isn’t buying season tickets. People who don’t like football are unlikely to develop a liking for it based off of one man’s political activism; if that was the case, we’d have football players appealing to every untapped demographic (women, Hispanics, gays, etc) if only to work the system for maximum profits. 

I think you are underestimating just how much the predominantly white, older, male, and Republican leaning core of the NFL fanbase hates Democrats. Bringing on Kaepernick alone would have been enough for people to burn their jerseys, not buy tickets, and turn the team into a stand in for Nancy Pelosi among a largely republican leaning fanbase. 

Remember when people burned Nike’s over Kaepernick? Nike’s are reasonably good shoes and some are reasonably priced, people are a lot less likely to buy season tickets if they don’t live in a particular city and even then they aren’t cheap. 

This idea that the fans won’t hate him because he doesn’t get much playtime is something that I disagree with: they’d constantly point out how “he doesn’t even play” and the team brought him on as a political stunt. If he does play, every flaw or shortcoming would be under a microscope. Unless he was the best quarterback in the league and winning every game, he’d be getting hate. 

A serious amount of NFL money comes from TV deals, and this is the serious damage would be done. People who hate Democrats aren’t going to pay to watch Kaepernick’s team when they could easily watch anything else with the press of a button. If Kaep gets injured, they can just hear about it on Fox News later without having to waste time watching him play. 

It’s definitely possible to be an unimpressive player while remaining an attractive asset to a team’s brand. Tim Tebow is one of the best examples of that. He wasn’t particularly good, but fans loved his squeaky clean Christian image and his skin of the teeth wins. Unlike Tebow, Kaepernick was hated by many fans as he came to personify Democratic racial politics and winning the approval of the woke crowd wouldn’t replace the loss in profits.
