As a Canadian in pre-COVID-19, I got single payer universal healthcare, my kids go to school without the need of practicing for active shooter drills, I support public funded post secondary education in colleges and universities, I am backing a candidate with a policy of offering a high standard of living while decreasing taxes and strengthening the economy with a 2.3% inflation rate, I save a good portion of my income each year, I support initiatives which continue to improve the unemployment rate and hundreds of thousands of new jobs created annually.  I am in full support of renewable non-polluting energy sources and the need of growth and support in that sector as a method of energy independence.  I support my local hospitals in the city (the town I live in down the road needs them) and talk to my politicians from local to federal levels on the history of healthcare in Canada and why we have the best in the world when they talk about a cut to beds and funding. I fully support affordable housing and the funding of long term care facilities for the elderly.  I have advocated for veterans of World War 2 and the Korean War to my Veterans Affairs Minister regarding cuts to their pensions.

I volunteered for 8 years at a LTC facility in my town on their foundation board as Treasurer and as a board member, raising money, managing governance, and bringing awareness to politicians about the lack of critical funding.  I volunteered as Treasurer for an Association of World War 2 and Korean War veterans doing the same for 5 years.  I have been volunteering for a combined 14 seasons as a baseball coach teaching kids how to play and the meaning of sports and why sportsmanship is important.  I have been a baseball umpire for 5 seasons working in 2 leagues.

I am a small business owner who is self employed.  I done some creative things and a lot of positive things too, so don't call me child because that is insulting.

So you go support your president while he tweets out messages accusing a media personality of committing murder, slurs about a black female politician’s weight and how your House speaker looks, conspiracies against himself supposedly organized by Clinton and Obama (Obamagate?  Really?), and encouraging his followers to “liberate” their states from lockdown restrictions.
